Add documentation for network storage (#27512)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/media_source.markdown

    recording: /mnt/recordings
```

<div class='note'>

>   If you want to use media from a network storage, this must first be added. [To learn more have a look here](/common-tasks/os/#network-storage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you want to use media from a network storage, the network storage must first be connected first. Refer to [these instructions on how to connect network storage](/common-tasks/os/#network-storage).
```

>   These are automatically added to the local media browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The media from the network storage is then automatically added to the local media browser.
```
What is meant by _these_? Remote servers?

Author: The thing on the previous line
